So welcome to the end of this section.
You've made it through, congratulations to this.
Now you have a solid understanding about key points, about descriptors,
about matching methods, and also about ways to evaluate the results.
Now, the figure in the last section showed
quite some differences between the various descriptive types;
with SIFT on the one hand performing best and Brisk on the other hand showing
a very quick increase in
the false positive rate and the receiver operating characteristic.
Now, the big question is,
what are the best methods for our purpose?
We want to find matches on the back of the preceding vehicle.
That means the tailgate,
license plate, lights, etc.
Now, which detected a script recombination will
perform best in terms of matching quality,
accuracy, and also speed?
Let's find out together in the Midterm Project which is about to come up.